November IDP Project

For my November IDP, I wanted to create another javascript game that would allow me to continue practicing what I learned from my last IDP as well as implement new elements like a countdown timer.  Even better, I was able to make the traditional whack-a-mole game into a coded Thanksgiving edition, Whack-a-turkey! The code for the project was relatively simple; I uploaded a png of a turkey image and created a function called randomSquare to assign the turkey to a random spot on the grid I created with CSS. To move the turkey randomly I used Math.floor (Math.random()*9)  and assigned the id of randomPosition to hitPosition. I used addEventListener and cerated a conditional where if the user tapped on the turkey image, the display would alert that the user gained a point. I was able to change the speed that the turkey moved from square to square using timerID =setInterval(randomSquare, 300) (I.e. the turkey will move slower as the number decreases or faster as the number increases). We created a countdown timer using the function: countDown(){currentTime--timeLeft.textContent = currentTime;, the conditional: if(currentTime === 0) {clearInterval(timerId)alert ('Game Over! Your final score is' + result)}}and variable: let timerId = setInterval(countDown, 1000). In my updated version, I changed the background of the grid to be black in CSS because I thought it looked nicer. Overall, this project was really fun to make and I was able to exercise a lot of creativity and learn more about variables, functions, conditionals, and other coding techniques. 
 
